README.md, before:

# Spanish in Seconds
#### Date: 2/6/2024
#### By: Kalin Black 
#### [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kalin-black/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/kfblack)
***
#### **_Description_**
This project is a full-stack MERN application, on learning the basics of Spanish, geared toward travel! Many people who wish to travel are eager to learn the basics of a language, but don't know where to look for quick and easy ways to learn the essentials, but with this site, you can! The app will provide the basics, but will also extend further so that those that wish to take a deeper dive, have the ability to do so. You will be able to create your own custom user account, track your learning progress, and partake in various different learning activities and quizzes to test your understanding!
***
#### **_Technologies Used_**
- HTML
- CSS
- Material UI
- JavaScript
- VS Code
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- React
- Express
- Postman
- Node.js
- Warp
- Heroku
***
#### **_Getting Started_**
[Click here to access the app!]() | [Component Hierarchy Diagram](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/d5c33ab7-d2df-47da-8cee-36acf4a15f88/edit?viewport_loc=-300%2C-210%2C1423%2C1436%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_8abdf021-273b-4b4f-b55f-5b82b148254e) | [ERD](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1H4iZnxtQfw8XdYAq7HZmiRyAGffmSRJF/view?usp=sharing) | [Trello Board](https://trello.com/invite/b/f87QIY6G/ATTIbce6e6717401ad92bf774281d143113dAE93D148/spanish-in-seconds) | [Back-end Repo](https://github.com/kfblack/spanish-in-seconds-backend)
***
#### **_Screenshots_**

##### Home Screen 
![Intro. Screen]()

##### Lesson Selection
![Side Bar Option]()

##### Quizzes 
![Quiz in Progress]()

##### Progress Screen 
![Side Bar Option]()

***
#### **_Future Updates_**
- [ ] Incoporate an API allowing for other languages to be involved
- [ ] Incoporate APIs, such as text-to-speech, speech recognition, etc.
- [ ] Include AI for additional functionality
- [ ] Add sound effects/music to improve UX

***
#### **_Credits_**

##### Images: [Spanish Dance](https://www.utrgv.edu/claa/divisions-and-disciplines/dance/flamenco/index.htm) | [Spanish Food](https://housinganywhere.com/Spain/traditional-unique-food-in-spain) | [Spanish Flag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Spain) | [Spanish Landmark](https://meetmeindepartures.com/landmarks-in-spain-spanish-bucket-list/) | [Spanish Art](https://www.singulart.com/en/blog/2023/09/28/famous-spanish-artists/)
##### Code Help: [Material UI Docs](https://mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/)

Commit message:

frontend deploy to vercel, file changes and README updates

README.md, after:

# Spanish in Seconds
#### Date: 2/14/2024
#### By: Kalin Black 
#### [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kalin-black/) | [GitHub](https://github.com/kfblack)
***
#### **_Description_**
This project is a full-stack MERN application, on learning the basics of Spanish, geared toward travel! Many people who wish to travel are eager to learn the basics of a language, but don't know where to look for quick and easy ways to learn the essentials, but with this site, you can! The app will provide the basics, but will also extend further so that those that wish to take a deeper dive, have the ability to do so. You will be able to create your own custom user account, track your learning progress, and partake in various different learning activities and quizzes to test your understanding!
***
#### **_Technologies Used_**
- HTML
- CSS
- Material UI
- JavaScript
- VS Code
- MongoDB
- Mongoose
- React
- Express
- Postman
- Node.js
- Warp
- Heroku
- Vercel
***
#### **_Getting Started_**
[Click here to access the app!](spanish-in-seconds-2jcwqxi56-kfblacks-projects.vercel.app) | [Component Hierarchy Diagram](https://lucid.app/lucidchart/d5c33ab7-d2df-47da-8cee-36acf4a15f88/edit?viewport_loc=-300%2C-210%2C1423%2C1436%2C0_0&invitationId=inv_8abdf021-273b-4b4f-b55f-5b82b148254e) | [ERD](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1H4iZnxtQfw8XdYAq7HZmiRyAGffmSRJF/view?usp=sharing) | [Trello Board](https://trello.com/invite/b/f87QIY6G/ATTIbce6e6717401ad92bf774281d143113dAE93D148/spanish-in-seconds) | [Back-end Repo](https://github.com/kfblack/spanish-in-seconds-backend)
***
#### **_Screenshots_**

##### Home Screen 
![Intro. Screen](https://i.postimg.cc/BQs7PyRy/Screenshot-2024-02-14-at-10-24-16-AM.png)

##### Lesson Selection
![Side Bar Option](https://i.postimg.cc/m2bVg9HW/Screenshot-2024-02-14-at-10-25-14-AM.png)

##### Quizzes/Activities
![Quiz in Progress](https://i.postimg.cc/8zXZ3CsQ/Screenshot-2024-02-14-at-10-25-01-AM.png)


***
#### **_Future Updates_**
- [ ] Incoporate an API allowing for other languages to be involved
- [ ] Incoporate APIs, such as text-to-speech, speech recognition, etc.
- [ ] Include AI for additional functionality
- [ ] Add sound effects/music to improve UX
- [ ] Quiz gives feedback to specific questions that are correct or incorrect

***
#### **_Credits_**

##### Images: [Spanish Dance](https://www.utrgv.edu/claa/divisions-and-disciplines/dance/flamenco/index.htm) | [Spanish Food](https://housinganywhere.com/Spain/traditional-unique-food-in-spain) | [Spanish Flag](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Flag_of_Spain) | [Spanish Landmark](https://meetmeindepartures.com/landmarks-in-spain-spanish-bucket-list/) | [Spanish Art](https://www.singulart.com/en/blog/2023/09/28/famous-spanish-artists/)
##### Code Help: [Material UI Docs](https://mui.com/material-ui/getting-started/)
